>> Maximiliano Firtman: Now you
will start seeing the advantages of
using design patterns.
Just for the sake of adding something,
what if I want to type something and
then use a shortcut,
such as Ctrl+P, Ctrl+T,
whatever ,to hit the add.
I mean, I can also use Enter, Return, but
just to play with something different.
Also, I can use the form
element in HTML and
use onsubmit instead of the onclick,
that will be much better.
But let's just stay with the idea of
adding shortcuts, keyword shortcuts.
So how to add keyword shortcuts here?
Well, I could create another file or
I can do it here in App.js.
I'm not sure if you have ever
played with keyboard shortcuts, but
I can just talk to the document and
add an event listener for keydown.
So, keydown.
So, keydown,
>> Maximiliano Firtman: We
receive an event.
And we should check, for example, if the
Ctrl key is pressed, and if the key is,
I don't know, just pick any letter,
P, T, T for to-do, whatever.
Convert P for print, no one is actually
printing these days, so, yeah,
we can override that.
So we can prevent default, so we don't
get the print dialogue from the browser.
And then,
how to trigger the add operation?
We just need to execute the command,
the same command as we executed
when we click the button.
So just copy this, paste this here,
we have to execute the command,
and that's all.
It's because we decoupled
the execution of the action
from the previous invoker of that action.
So now if I execute and
I type now, dinner,
I will not click the button,
I will press Ctrl+P, and you have it.
So you can now easily implement
keyboard shortcuts or
gesture with your finger for the iPad.
When you do a tick over
the screen with your finger,
you trigger the action, whatever you want.
Now that it's decoupled,
it's much simpler to all other
invokers for the same command, okay?
That makes sense?
Now you can see that after we did
the hard work, now everything is faster,
it's smoother.
Every new feature we have is
actually pretty simple to implement.